Now, this section has some very important concepts for you.
You should now be very familiar with l-values and
also r-values and with l-value references.
In fact, you have seen and used those before many times already.
It will not be surprising though if
r-value references would still seem somewhat unfamiliar.
Now, the question may well arise what this construct could be used for.
After all, we have already seen that some copy operations can be
saved if we use r-value references instead of l-values.
For example, to directly capture the result of an addition.
Now, in the next section, we will look at one of the main areas of
application for r-value references which is move semantics.
So let's get started.